Zhang Bofu
Lin Fan is willing to admit defeat
I came here today to divorce you.
And you have to kneel down and apologize to me in public
Look what's going on
Nothing. It's just a bet.
Play with the engagement
Bet you're mushy, right?
Mom asked you to go on a trip and get married
You bet on the engagement
I don't think you even care about your mother, do you?
Ordinary as long as this marriage is divorced today
Mom can take the opportunity to attack and cook you out of snacks
I'll see what you do with this level.
What do you want to do haha
cowardly
Lao Zhang is playing at the children's house
Big or not?
What about this?
Lin Fan has already discussed with Junya
As parents, we should not interfere with the bad children
Be a woman
Don't be so fierce
Be careful not to get married in the future
Still want to cheat
Process we bet yes
But
Did you win?
From my 1 billion money
Up to now
Many investors and associated investment brokerage companies
It means it has doubled.
And the company you fully acquired
Now the valuation may have fallen by less than a third
It's clear who wins and who loses.
Lin Fan, stop fighting needlessly
Kneel down and apologize
It's all your doing
The Zhangs are as famous as my neighbors. If you are divorced
The entire history of the Ming Dynasty will be ashamed of you
Become the Xiao Bing of the entire Central Prefecture
Mom, when you can take over the company in the future
Can convince you
I specially arranged for you to come back early and late
But what about you, he was actually made to break the marriage
You again and again
I'm so disappointed.
today
If you can't get the Zhang family to take back the decision to break the marriage
foreign scolding
Let you cast out your vision